no way .
Gene with Cheburashka bought a joint
come home and heat and throw
business 4 wrapped around and wound all day
green hot for the price go to the bathroom
quick i need you here
sit for a while and then come back and
you kosyachok split just look
how bastard don't smoke only his push i love you
know and live no gene quiet go and
calm well everything is fine all gene
Cheburashka 1 channel bath leaves
opened the movie will not notice a couple of times and everything
I smoked everything because I did it
why does the gene have to come now
wear some bella mare now
Well, if I have out where the bottom is deep
and fucking on your face everything is written without you
all now yes guessing by father igor
kirtag towel towels yes sleep
what needs to be done need to get up scoop
the bedroom
open the closet get the towel close
closet and come to the bathroom means you need
say something necessarily there so 1
guess so say so on
tell gennady blyat why gennady
ready for a book on the rue de wear gene gene
Here is the Kansa gene gene
you asked me to bring towels here I am
went to the bedroom he was york experience
what I tell you to bow before
towels enters the bedroom
a moment what the fuck came here what a towel up
prickly heat open cabinet means take
towel you close the card come in
bath and talk
gene
remember you asked me to fucking thing
long he will guess two years to guess
when to weave the gene here is the very towel
which is why the most
gena when you told me to bring kia
then no no need to say it easier somehow
just a gene board here are your towels
that's not over the methoxide yet just a gene
take us move on on
gene gene gene gene